pages/side_projects/knotenwerk.md, before:

---
layout: side_projects/knotenwerk
title: 'KnotenWerk'
body_classes: knotenwerk-page
favicon: '/assets/images/side_projects/knotenwerk/logo.webp'
permalink: '/knotenwerk/'
description: 'KnotenWerk is a no-distraction tool for interactive decision trees and graphs with Edit and View/Demo modes, local-first JSON files, and JSON/SVG/Markdown export.'
image: '/assets/images/side_projects/knotenwerk/tree.webp'
claim: "No-distraction. Your granddad's UI design for simple trees and graphs that help you design solutions."
hero_lead: 'Build interactive decision trees and graphs in Edit Mode, then click through outcomes in View/Demo Mode before shipping your solution.'
what_it_is: 'KnotenWerk keeps the interface intentionally calm: no clutter, just nodes, labels, and paths. It is local-first by default, so graphs are stored as JSON files you own and can move anywhere.'
statusbar_text: 'Export: JSON • SVG • Markdown'
hero:
    primary_cta:
        label: 'Get KnotenWerk'
        href: 'https://github.com/oliverjessner/KnotenWerk/releases/download/v0.0.1/KnotenWerk_0.1.0_arm64_adhoc.dmg'
    secondary_cta:
        label: 'View Docs'
        href: '#exports'
features:
    - title: 'Edit Mode'
      description: 'Create nodes, connect labeled choices, and rearrange branches without losing structure.'
    - title: 'View/Demo Mode'
      description: 'Click choices as a user would and highlight the active path while presenting or testing.'
    - title: 'Exports'
      description: 'Export graphs to JSON, SVG, and Markdown to plug directly into docs and workflows.'
    - title: 'Local-first'
      description: 'Each graph is saved as JSON on your machine, so your files stay portable and under your control.'
    - title: 'Apple Silicon'
      description: 'Even if it looks like Windows 98 SE, KnotenWerk currently runs on Apple Silicon Macs.'
exports_examples:
    json: |
        {
          "id": "g_93b853ae-6ceb-4bca-96c8-c0591af61966",
          "name": "Idea 3",
          "version": 1,
          "createdAt": "2026-02-14T14:36:19.996Z",
          "updatedAt": "2026-02-14T14:49:58.603Z",
          "nodes": []
        }
    markdown: |
        ## Todo
        - [ ] An IGN pitchen
        - [ ] YouTube Langform Video erstellen
        - [ ] TikTok Video erstellen
        - [ ] Reel erstellen
        - [ ] YouTube Short erstellen
        - [ ] thread text schreiben
        - [ ] LinkedIn text Schreiben
gallery:
    - src: '/assets/images/side_projects/knotenwerk/tree.webp'
      alt: 'KnotenWerk graph canvas showing connected decision nodes'
      caption: 'Interactive decision tree canvas'
    - src: '/assets/images/side_projects/knotenwerk/mockups/8bit_colors.webp'
      alt: 'KnotenWerk mockup with an 8-bit inspired color palette'
      caption: 'No need for fancy colors, 8-bit is enough.'
cta:
    heading: 'Design cleaner decisions in a calmer interface.'
    text: 'Use Edit and View/Demo modes to build, test, and ship graph-based workflows without distraction.'
    primary:
        label: 'Get KnotenWerk'
        href: 'https://github.com/oliverjessner/KnotenWerk/releases/download/v0.0.1/KnotenWerk_0.1.0_arm64_adhoc.dmg'
---

Commit message:

fixing a lot of seo, toc, meta title for categories,

pages/side_projects/knotenwerk.md, after:

---
layout: side_projects/knotenwerk
title: 'KnotenWerk'
body_classes: knotenwerk-page
favicon: '/assets/images/side_projects/knotenwerk/logo.webp'
permalink: '/knotenwerk/'
description: 'KnotenWerk is a no-distraction tool for interactive decision trees and graphs with Edit and View/Demo modes, local-first JSON files, and JSON/SVG/Markdown export.'
meta_description: 'KnotenWerk is a no-distraction decision tree and graph tool with Edit/View modes, local-first JSON files, and export to JSON, SVG, and Markdown.'
meta_title: 'KnotenWerk | No-Distraction Decision Tree & Graph Tool'
image: '/assets/images/side_projects/knotenwerk/tree.webp'
claim: "No-distraction. Your granddad's UI design for simple trees and graphs that help you design solutions."
hero_lead: 'Build interactive decision trees and graphs in Edit Mode, then click through outcomes in View/Demo Mode before shipping your solution.'
what_it_is: 'KnotenWerk keeps the interface intentionally calm: no clutter, just nodes, labels, and paths. It is local-first by default, so graphs are stored as JSON files you own and can move anywhere.'
statusbar_text: 'Export: JSON • SVG • Markdown'
hero:
    primary_cta:
        label: 'Get KnotenWerk'
        href: 'https://github.com/oliverjessner/KnotenWerk/releases/download/v0.0.1/KnotenWerk_0.1.0_arm64_adhoc.dmg'
    secondary_cta:
        label: 'View Docs'
        href: '#exports'
features:
    - title: 'Edit Mode'
      description: 'Create nodes, connect labeled choices, and rearrange branches without losing structure.'
    - title: 'View/Demo Mode'
      description: 'Click choices as a user would and highlight the active path while presenting or testing.'
    - title: 'Exports'
      description: 'Export graphs to JSON, SVG, and Markdown to plug directly into docs and workflows.'
    - title: 'Local-first'
      description: 'Each graph is saved as JSON on your machine, so your files stay portable and under your control.'
    - title: 'Apple Silicon'
      description: 'Even if it looks like Windows 98 SE, KnotenWerk currently runs on Apple Silicon Macs.'
exports_examples:
    json: |
        {
          "id": "g_93b853ae-6ceb-4bca-96c8-c0591af61966",
          "name": "Idea 3",
          "version": 1,
          "createdAt": "2026-02-14T14:36:19.996Z",
          "updatedAt": "2026-02-14T14:49:58.603Z",
          "nodes": []
        }
    markdown: |
        ## Todo
        - [ ] An IGN pitchen
        - [ ] YouTube Langform Video erstellen
        - [ ] TikTok Video erstellen
        - [ ] Reel erstellen
        - [ ] YouTube Short erstellen
        - [ ] thread text schreiben
        - [ ] LinkedIn text Schreiben
gallery:
    - src: '/assets/images/side_projects/knotenwerk/tree.webp'
      alt: 'KnotenWerk graph canvas showing connected decision nodes'
      caption: 'Interactive decision tree canvas'
    - src: '/assets/images/side_projects/knotenwerk/mockups/8bit_colors.webp'
      alt: 'KnotenWerk mockup with an 8-bit inspired color palette'
      caption: 'No need for fancy colors, 8-bit is enough.'
cta:
    heading: 'Design cleaner decisions in a calmer interface.'
    text: 'Use Edit and View/Demo modes to build, test, and ship graph-based workflows without distraction.'
    primary:
        label: 'Get KnotenWerk'
        href: 'https://github.com/oliverjessner/KnotenWerk/releases/download/v0.0.1/KnotenWerk_0.1.0_arm64_adhoc.dmg'
---
